ECC Contributor Agreement

This Contributor Agreement ("Agreement") applies to your contribution of any
software, documentation, or other materials to any project ("project")
established or managed by ZeroCoin Electric Coin Company LLC (dba Electric Coin
Company) ("ECC", "we", "us" or "our") and establishes the intellectual property
rights you grant to ECC in your contribution.

Please read this Agreement carefully.  If you agree to this Agreement, please
complete and sign the Agreement below.  We suggest you also keep a copy of this
Agreement for your records.

Please provide your information below.  If you are making a contribution
individually, the term "you" refers to the individual identified below.  If you
are making a contribution on behalf of a company or other entity, "you" will
also mean the company or entity you identify below.

Your name: 

Company/entity name (if applicable):

Your mailing address:

Your telephone:

Your preferred email:

1. The term "contribution" means any software, documentation, materials, or
other work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to any
existing software, documentation, materials, or other work, that you submit to
ECC in any form, including electronic, verbal, or written.

2. You grant to ECC, and recipients of any contributions distributed by ECC, the
following rights and licenses:

3. A perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, fully
sublicensable, irrevocable right and license to reproduce, prepare derivative
works of, display, perform, sublicense, and distribute and make available any
contributions and such derivative works.

4. A perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, fully
sublicensable, irrevocable[ (except as stated in this section)] right and
license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, transfer and
otherwise practice any contributions, in whole or in part, alone or in
combination with or included in any other contributions or any other software,
documentation, materials, or works.  [If any entity institutes patent litigation
against you or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a
lawsuit) alleging that one of your contributions, or any work to which you have
contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any
patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that
contribution or work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.]

You also agree that you will not assert any moral rights in any contribution
against us, our licensees or transferees. The rights in this Section are
effective on the date a contribution is first submitted to us, even if the
submission took place before the date you agree to this Agreement.  Except as
stated in this Section, as between you and us, you keep all right, title, and
interest in your contribution.
